Add CONTRIBUTING.md file with guidelines and development principles (#62)
msakowski/obsidian-library-linker: src/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to this project!

Before getting started, please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our guiding principles and contribution process.

## Development Principles

Our development approach is driven by the following core principles:

- Enhancing the integration between Obsidian and JW Library is our primary focus.
- We strive to keep the plugin lightweight and free from unnecessary complexity.
- Our design philosophy is opinionated—favoring a minimalist, keyboard-centric experience—while remaining open to thoughtful enhancements.
- Writing should be a distraction-free experience.
- We ensure compatibility with other well-established plugins and avoid interference.
- We respect copyright laws and do not expose or reveal copyrighted content from JW Library.

## Contribution Process

> To contribute effectively, please follow these steps:
> 
> 1. Review our contribution guidelines.
> 2. Engage with the maintainers to discuss your ideas.
> 3. Submit a pull request (PR) with your proposed changes.

Reviewer: Added the pointer to the discussion tab

```suggestion
To ensure a smooth contribution, please follow these steps:

1. **Review Guidelines**: Familiarize yourself with our contribution guidelines before starting.
2. **Bug Fixes**: Feel free to submit pull requests (PRs) directly for bug fixes.
3. **New Ideas**: For feature requests, enhancements, or ideas, please engage in the [discussions section](https://github.com/msakowski/obsidian-library-linker/discussions) first. You can join existing topics or create new ones.
4. **Pre-PR Discussion**: We strive to keep the plugin lightweight. Discussing your ideas before coding helps ensure alignment with our vision and saves you time and effort on work that might not be merged.
5. **Submit Your Work**: Once there’s agreement on the approach, submit your pull request with the proposed changes. Every contribution is valuable!
```
